Review sprint anne (#19)
SW814F20/Report: report/Sprint_1/Review.tex

\section{Review of Sprint}\label{sec:review-sprint-anne}

> This section will conclude the first sprint, and highlight how successful this sprint has been.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will conclude the first sprint, and highlight how successful the sprint was.
```

> Furthermore, in Essence, we need to review our configuration, which can be seen in~\autoref{sec:first-configuration-table}, as we need to use the updated configuration table as input for the next sprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, in Essence, we need to review our configuration table, which can be seen in~\autoref{sec:first-configuration-table}, as we need to use the updated configuration table as input for the next sprint.
```

\section{Review of Sprint}\label{sec:review-sprint-anne}
This section will conclude the first sprint, and highlight how successful the sprint was.

> Furthermore, in Essence, we need to review our configuration table, which can be seen in~\autoref{sec:first-configuration-table}, as we need to use the updated configuration table as input for the next sprint.

Reviewer 2: Det er vel ikke sikkert at den er opdateret.

Author: Har ændret sætningen

The goals for this sprint was:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Create the first configuration table 
    \item Create login system in the application
    \item Create screen overview and functionalities
    \item Create an overview board.
    \item Implement the needed functionalities in the database.

> \end{itemize}.

Reviewer 2: Samme som ovenfor

Author: Fixed

In~\autoref{sec:first-configuration-table} we created the first configuration table, and therefore we have completed the first goal, namely, the \textit{Create the first configuration table}.

~\autoref{sec:sprint-one-application} highlights the process in creating the application, and how we have implemented the needed functionalities, such as the \textit{Login system, Screen overview, and the Overview Board}.

The last thing is to implement the needed functionalities in the database, which can be seen in~\autoref{sec:sprint-one-backend}.
Here we went over what features we needed to implement, and how we did it, and in the end, we completed the last goal, namely the \textit{Implement the needed functionalities in the database}.

The last thing to look at is the criteria in the configuration table.
For the resolution expectations:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Is the problem still worth solving
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Yes it is
    \end{itemize}
    \item Does the proposed solution solve the problem
    \begin{itemize}
        \item We believe it does
    \end{itemize}
    \item Have we used the correct leverage points
    \begin{itemize}

>         \item Yes we have.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        \item Yes we have
```

    \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

For the Architecture expectations:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Is the architecture feasible
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Yes it is
    \end{itemize}
    \item Is the product user-friendly
    \begin{itemize}

>         \item This one is hard, as we have not any users as of now, but we believe it does have a good user interface

Reviewer 2: Prøv at omformuler, det giver ingen mening

Author: Done

    \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

Lastly the Propositions expectations
For the Architecture expectations:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Is the translation effective
    \begin{itemize}

>         \item We have not yet made any translation as of now, we cannot answer this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        \item We have not yet made any translation as of now, we cannot answer this
```

We have made changes to the following cells:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Leverage
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Removed JavaScript Frameworks, because we are using Flutter to create the mobile application.
    \end{itemize}
    \item Qualification
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Changed both the Qualifier and Rebuttal, to reflect the new point of view
    \end{itemize}
    \item Criteria for Architecture Expectations
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Added more expectations to the architecture, as we wanted to have a more modularized architecture in the code.
    \end{itemize}
    \item Scenarios \& Features
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Added more scenarios and more features, because of new information about the features that should be in this solution.
    \end{itemize}
    \item Value Propositions
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Added more points to Value Propositions to reflect the changes made in Scenarios and Features
    \end{itemize}
    \item Criteria for Value Propositions
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Added more criteria to reflect the new value propositions 
    \end{itemize}

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer 2: Punktum i itemize

Author: Fixed

               \end{itemize} 
              \end{minipage} \\
            \\ Findings:\\
            \begin{minipage} [t] {0.3\textwidth} 
                \begin{itemize}
                \item \textit{Encapsulate app behaviour in flutter widgets for ease of use and ease of customization}
               \end{itemize} 
              \end{minipage}   
\end{tabular} \\ \hline
    Tactics   & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Scenarios:\\ 
        \begin{minipage} [t] {0.325\textwidth} 
            \begin{itemize}
            \item Product owner used the system to create a interaction requirement.
            \item Product owner used the system to create expected behaviors of interactions.
            \item Developers can take tasks and solve them
            \item The Product owner can at any time see how a task is going and see the progress
           \end{itemize} 
          \end{minipage} 
         \end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Features:\\ 
            \begin{minipage} [t] {0.325\textwidth} 
                \begin{itemize}
                \item App editor where the Product owner can make their interaction requirements thereby creating an interaction model.

>                 \item App editor where product owner can formalize expected behavior requirements for an interaction model.

Reviewer 2: Punktum i itemize

Author: Fixed

                \item The app editor can suggest behavior requirements for specific interaction elements.
                \item Translate App editor to developer requirements
               \end{itemize} 
              \end{minipage} 
    \end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Value Propositions:\\
        \begin{minipage} [t] {0.3\textwidth} 
            \begin{itemize}
            \item Translate customer requirements to product requirements.
            \item Help customer to specify edge-case behaviours they may not realize naturally.
            \item Leviate overhead for the customer in how to explain requirements.
            \item Supply an unified framework for the developers for understanding requirements.

>             \item Creates a contract between customer and developers.

Reviewer 2: Punktum i itemize

Author: Fixed

           \end{itemize} 
          \end{minipage} 
         \end{tabular} & 
    \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Criteria for value Propositions \\ expectations: \\
        \begin{minipage} [t] {0.3\textwidth} 
            \begin{itemize}
            \item Is the translation effective
            \item Does the app gives edge-cases behaviours to the customer 
            \item Does the app makes it easier to explain requirements
           \end{itemize} 
          \end{minipage} 
         \\ \\ Findings: \\
         \begin{minipage} [t] {0.3\textwidth} 
            \begin{itemize}

>             \item \textit{Help the customer and developers to get started.}

Reviewer 2: Punktum i itemize

Author: Fixed
